docs(CSS): update scroll-timeline shorthand property (#25105)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/scroll-timeline/index.md

## Syntax

```css
/* two values: one each for scroll-timeline-name and scroll-timeline-axis */
scroll-timeline: custom_name_for_timeline block;
scroll-timeline: custom_name_for_timeline inline;
scroll-timeline: custom_name_for_timeline vertical;
scroll-timeline: custom_name_for_timeline horizontal;
scroll-timeline: none block;
scroll-timeline: none inline;
scroll-timeline: none vertical;
scroll-timeline: none horizontal;

/* one value: scroll-timeline-name */
scroll-timeline: none;
scroll-timeline: custom_name_for_timeline;
```

The `scroll-timeline` shorthand property can be applied to a container element as a combination of the `<scroll-timeline-name>` and `<scroll-timeline-axis>` values. At least one of the values must be specified. If both the values are specified, the order followed must be the `<scroll-timeline-name>` value followed by the `<scroll-timeline-axis>` value.

> > **Note:** When only one value is specified, the `scroll-timeline` shorthand property treats it as the `<scroll-timeline-name>` value. As a best practice, avoid using `<scroll-timeline-axis>` keywords as a `<scroll-timeline-name>` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When only one value is specified, the `scroll-timeline` shorthand property treats it as the `<scroll-timeline-name>` value. As a best practice, avoid using `<scroll-timeline-axis>` keyword values as a `<scroll-timeline-name>` value.
```

### Values

> A `<scroll-timeline-name>` value followed by a `<scroll-timeline-axis>` value may be applied to the container element in that fixed order.

Reviewer: we should add a note that if only one value is included, and the name of the timeline is a possible value of scroll-timeline-axis, it will fail.

example: https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/abaVZeP

Author: So I checked the expected behavior with the Fx engineer. It seems the only case that will fail is when the order of values is 'axis name'. If only one value is specified, even if that's the axis keyword, the shorthand property will regard it as a name. The shorthand property only expects a name at the least. So I've worded the note accordingly.

}
```

The CSS below defines a square that rotates according to the timeline provided by the `animation-timeline` property, which is set to the `squareTimeline` timeline named above. The position is set as `absolute` so that the element rotates in place.

```css
#square {
  background-color: deeppink;
  width: 100px;
  height: 100px;
  animation-name: rotateAnimation;
  animation-duration: 1ms;
  animation-timeline: squareTimeline;
  position: absolute;
  bottom: 0;
}

#stretcher {
  height: 600px;
  background: #dedede;
}

@keyframes rotateAnimation {
  from {
    transform: rotate(0deg);
  }

  to {
    transform: rotate(360deg);
  }
}
```

The `stretcher` CSS rule sets the block height to `600px`, which forces the container element to overflow and create scroll bars.
Without this rule, there would be no scrollbar, and hence no scroll timeline to associate with the animation timeline.

#### Result

Scroll the vertical bar to see the square animate as you scroll.

{{EmbedLiveSample("Creating_a_scroll_driven_animation", "100%", "320px")}}

> The square animates as you scroll, and the animation duration when using `scroll-timeline` really depends on the scroll speed (nevertheless, the `animation-duration` property has been defined so you can make out the scroll-driven animation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The square animates as you scroll, and the animation duration when using `scroll-timeline` really depends on the scroll speed. If `animation` is supported, but `scroll-timeline` is not supported, the animation still occurs, lasting the duration as defined in the required [`animation-duration`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-duration) property or `animation-duration` component of the [`animation`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation) shorthand property.
```

I need to check this. In my testing, 0s didn't work, but I haven't read in the spec that it's not supposed to.

Reviewer: i am seeing that duration is treated as auto, but am not finding that it is "required", but, when I set time to 0ms in https://codepen.io/estelle/pen/zYJPYQm, it is definitely NOT working in any browser

  bottom: 0;
}

#stretcher {

>   height: 600px;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  height: 600px;
  background: #dedede;
```
just to make it visible
